docs: quick guide for public deployment (#8712)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Deployment/deployment-public-server.md

---

> title: Deploy your Langflow server using ngrok

Reviewer: The first paragraph says "A forwarding platform like ngrok or zrok". Should we make the title more generic or do you think people who know what ngrok is will understand that they can probably adapt it to similar tools?

slug: /deployment-public-server
---

By default, your Langflow server at `http://localhost:7860` isn't exposed to the public internet.
However, you can forward Langflow server traffic with a forwarding platform like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/) or [zrok](https://docs.zrok.io/docs/getting-started) to make your server public.

> This allows you to [deploy your MCP server externally](#deploy-your-mcp-server-externally), [serve API requests](#serve-api-requests), and [share your playground externally](#share-your-playground-externally).

Reviewer: Is this list exhaustive?

```suggestion
When your Langflow server is public, you can do things like [deploy your Langflow MCP server externally](#deploy-your-mcp-server-externally), [serve API requests](#serve-api-requests), and [share your playground externally](#share-your-playground-externally).
```

> The following procedure uses ngrok, but you can use any similar reverse proxy or forwarding platform.
> This procedure also assumes that you're using the default Langflow listening address `http://localhost:7860`.
> 
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> - [Install Langflow](/get-started-installation)
> - [Install ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#1-install-ngrok)
> - [Create an ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

- [Install Langflow](/get-started-installation)

- Install a reverse proxy or forwarding service.

    This guide uses ngrok, but you can use any similar reverse proxy or forwarding platform.

    If you want to follow along with this guide, [install ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#1-install-ngrok) and [create an ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken).
```

## Expose your Langflow server with ngrok

1. Start Langflow.

    ```bash
    uv run langflow run
    ```

> 2. In another terminal window, copy your [ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken) and use it to authenticate your local ngrok server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In another terminal window, use your ngrok authtoken to authenticate your local ngrok server:
```

Are they already supposed to have set up an ngrok server by this point? Or does this command start the server setup process?

    ```bash
    ngrok config add-authtoken NGROK_TOKEN
    ```

    Replace `NGROK_TOKEN` with your ngrok authtoken.

3. Use ngrok to expose your Langflow server to the public internet:

    ```bash
    ngrok http http://localhost:7860
    ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    This example assumes that you use the default Langflow listening address at `http://localhost:7860`. If you have a different listening address, you must modify this command accordingly.

```

    The ngrok session starts in your terminal and deploys an ephemeral domain with no authentication.
    To add authentication or deploy a static domain, see the [ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs/).

> 
> 
>     The `Forwarding` line prints the forwarding address for your Langflow server:
> 
>     ```
>     Forwarding https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:7860
>     ```
> 
>     The forwarding address is acting as a reverse proxy for your Langflow server.
> 
> 4. Open the URL where ngrok is forwarding your local traffic, such as `https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app`.
> 
>     Your Langflow server is now publicly available at this domain.
> 
>     With your Langflow server public, you can serve your flows as MCP or API endpoints, or share your playground as a public website.
> 
>     Langflow's code snippets automatically adapt to your new `LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    The `Forwarding` line prints the forwarding address for your Langflow server:

    ```
    Forwarding https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:7860
    ```

    The forwarding address acts as a reverse proxy for your Langflow server, and ngrok forwards your local traffic to this domain.

4. To verify that your Langflow server is publicly available, navigate to the forwarding address URL, such as `https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app`.
```

> ### Deploy your MCP server externally

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Use a public Langflow server

When your Langflow server is public, you can do things like [deploy your Langflow MCP server externally](#deploy-your-mcp-server-externally), [serve API requests](#serve-api-requests), and [share a Playground as a public website](#share-your-playground-externally).

### Deploy your MCP server externally
```

> To deploy your Langflow MCP server with ngrok, do the following:
> 
> Complete the steps in [Connect clients to Langflow's MCP server](/mcp-server#connect-clients-to-use-the-servers-actions) using the ngrok forwarding address.
> 
> For more information, see [MCP server](/mcp-server).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy a public Langflow server, you can also access your Langflow projects' MCP servers publicly.

To do this, use your server's forwarding address when you [connect a client to a Langflow MCP server](/mcp-server#connect-clients-to-use-the-servers-actions).
```

### Serve API requests

> Your public Langflow server can serve [Langflow API](/api-reference-api-examples) requests.
> 
> To send requests to a public Langflow server's Langflow API endpoints, use the server's domain as the [base URL](/api-reference-api-examples#base-url) for your API requests.
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send requests to a public Langflow server's [Langflow API](/api-reference-api-examples) endpoints, use the server's domain as the [base URL](/api-reference-api-examples#base-url) for your API requests.
For example:
```

```bash
curl -X POST \
  "$PUBLIC_SERVER_DOMAIN/api/v1/webhook/$FLOW_ID" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "x-api-key: $LANGFLOW_API_KEY" \
  -d '{"data": "example-data"}'
```

> When you create flows in your public Langflow server, the code snippets in the [**API access** pane](/concepts-publish) automatically use your public server's domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
For flows created on public Langflow servers, the code snippets generated in the [**API access** pane](/concepts-publish) automatically use your public server's domain.
:::
```

> For example, when used in a script, the following code snippet calls an ngrok domain to trigger the specified flow (`d764c4b8...`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also use your public domain when making Langflow API calls in scripts, including the code snippets that are automatically generated by Langflow.
For example, the following code snippet calls an ngrok domain to trigger the specified flow (`d764c4b8...`):
```

It felt like there was a bit of a disconnect here for some reason

This window's URL, such as `https://3f7c-73-64-93-151.ngrok-free.app/playground/d764c4b8-5cec-4c0f-9de0-4b419b11901a`, is the address to share.
3. Share the URL with another user, and they can interact with your flow's Playground.

### Share your MCP server externally {#deploy-your-server-externally}

To share your Langflow MCP server with ngrok, do the following:

1. Select the Langflow project that contains the flows you want to serve as tools, and then click the **MCP Server** tab.

    Note that the code template now contains your ngrok forwarding address instead of the localhost address.
    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "uvx",
          "args": [
            "mcp-proxy",
            "https://3f7c-73-64-93-151.ngrok-free.app/api/v1/mcp/project/d764c4b8-5cec-4c0f-9de0-4b419b11901a/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

2. Complete the steps in [Connect clients to Langflow's MCP server](/mcp-server#connect-clients-to-use-the-servers-actions) using the ngrok forwarding address.

    For more information, see [MCP server](/mcp-server).

### Serve API requests

> To serve API requests from your public server's `/run` endpoint, do the following:

Reviewer: I think we should make this section more generic/conceptual since you could hit any API endpoint, not just `/run`.

~~~
Your public Langflow server can serve [Langflow API](/api-reference-api-examples) requests.

To send requests to a public Langflow server's Langflow API endpoints, use the server's domain as the [base URL](/api-reference-api-examples#base-url) for your API requests.
For example:

```bash
curl -X POST \
  "$PUBLIC_SERVER_DOMAIN/api/v1/webhook/$FLOW_ID" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"data": "example-data"}'
```

When you create flows in your public Langflow server, the code snippets in the [**API access** pane](/concepts-publish) automatically use your public server's domain.

For example, when used in a script, the following code snippet calls an ngrok domain to trigger the specified flow (`d764c4b8...`):

```python
<<code sample from line 101 to 130 here>>
```

For a demo of the Langflow API in a script, see the [Quickstart](/get-started-quickstart).
~~~

---
title: Deploy your Langflow server using ngrok
slug: /deployment-public-server
---

By default, your Langflow server at `http://localhost:7860` isn't exposed to the public internet.
However, you can forward Langflow server traffic with a forwarding platform like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/) or [zrok](https://docs.zrok.io/docs/getting-started) to make your server public.

This allows you to [deploy your MCP server externally](#deploy-your-mcp-server-externally), [serve API requests](#serve-api-requests), and [share your playground externally](#share-your-playground-externally).

The following procedure uses ngrok, but you can use any similar reverse proxy or forwarding platform.
This procedure also assumes that you're using the default Langflow listening address `http://localhost:7860`.

## Prerequisites

> - [A running Langflow instance](/get-started-installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install Langflow](/get-started-installation)
```

Technically doesn't need to be running because step 1 is to start LF :)

> - [ngrok installed](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#1-install-ngrok)
> - [An ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#1-install-ngrok)
- [Create an ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken)
```

## Expose your Langflow server with ngrok

1. Start Langflow.

    ```bash
    uv run langflow run
    ```

2. In another terminal window, copy your [ngrok authtoken](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken) and use it to authenticate your local ngrok server:

    ```bash
    ngrok config add-authtoken NGROK_TOKEN
    ```

    Replace `NGROK_TOKEN` with your ngrok authtoken.

3. Use ngrok to expose your Langflow server to the public internet:

    ```bash
    ngrok http http://localhost:7860
    ```

    The ngrok session starts in your terminal and deploys an ephemeral domain with no authentication.
    To add authentication or deploy a static domain, see the [ngrok documentation](https://ngrok.com/docs/).

>     The `Forwarding` row displays the forwarding address for your Langflow server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `Forwarding` line prints the forwarding address for your Langflow server:
```

Is it proper to call it a row?

    ```
    Forwarding https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:7860
    ```

    The forwarding address is acting as a reverse proxy for your Langflow server.

4. Open the URL where ngrok is forwarding your local traffic, such as `https://94b1-76-64-171-14.ngrok-free.app`.

    Your Langflow server is now publicly available at this domain.

## Deploy your MCP server externally

To deploy your Langflow MCP server with ngrok, do the following:

1. Select the Langflow project that contains the flows you want to serve as tools, and then click the **MCP Server** tab.

    Note that the code template now contains your ngrok forwarding address instead of the localhost address.
    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "PROJECT_NAME": {
          "command": "uvx",
          "args": [
            "mcp-proxy",
            "https://3f7c-73-64-93-151.ngrok-free.app/api/v1/mcp/project/d764c4b8-5cec-4c0f-9de0-4b419b11901a/sse"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

> 2. Complete the steps in [Connect clients to Langflow's MCP server](/mcp-server#connect-clients-to-use-the-servers-actions) using the ngrok forwarding address.

Reviewer: Actually, this code snippet and these steps are basically all already in the _connect-clients-to-use-the-servers-action_s section. I think we could streamline the content between this section and the MCP server page. It's a bit back-and-forth right now.

We can look at it together next week, if you want.

Reviewer: Or if you want to get this published, we can revisit it in another PR. I have to make changes to MCP for the welcome page anyway.

For example, when used in a script, the following code snippet calls an ngrok domain to trigger the specified flow (`d764c4b8...`):

    ```python
    import requests

    url = "https://3f7c-73-64-93-151.ngrok-free.app/api/v1/run/d764c4b8-5cec-4c0f-9de0-4b419b11901a"  # The complete API endpoint URL for this flow

    # Request payload configuration
    payload = {
        "output_type": "chat",
        "input_type": "chat",
        "input_value": "Hello"
    }

    # Request headers
    headers = {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
        "x-api-key: $LANGFLOW_API_KEY"
    }

    try:
        # Send API request
        response = requests.request("POST", url, json=payload, headers=headers)
        response.raise_for_status()  # Raise exception for bad status codes

        # Print response
        print(response.text)

    except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
        print(f"Error making API request: {e}")
    except ValueError as e:
        print(f"Error parsing response: {e}")
    ```

For a demo of the Langflow API in a script, see the [Quickstart](/get-started-quickstart).

> ## Share your playground externally

Reviewer: Just something I noticed: This section is semi-redundant (but more detailed) than this other section on the sharable playground: https://d5rxiv0do0q3v.cloudfront.net/langflow-drafts/docs-quick-guide-for-public-deployment/concepts-publish#shareable-playground

Also, the Embedded chat widget isn't mentioned here.
